# Diablo4
What I would argue is that A) Eternal character XP should be able to <a href="https://www.mmoexp.com/Diablo-4/Gold.html">Diablo IV Gold</a> progress the battle pass. Even if XP and resource boons don’t apply to them, they can at least earn the cosmetics with continued play on an Eternal main or alts. B) Story content should not be locked to seasonal characters, at least if you buy the season. Eternals should be able to at least play through new story content, even if it’s easy, if they’ve purchased a season.

That’s really it? Again, seasonal characters can remain along with the boosts and changes and things that come with new seasons. But having a model where Eternal characters cannot contribute at all is going to upset a lot of people, and this is really a financial question too, as if you want to engage people with a modern-era live service model, I think you may have to play ball a bit and adjust the ARPG model that is now two decades old. If not, you are not going to hook nearly as many people as you may have otherwise. And it doesn’t even need to come at the expense of the hardcore players that do like the old model.

Will Blizzard change anything? While they are reactive to player concerns pretty quickly, my guess is no, at least not for season 1. If there is some big pushback and purchases fall below expectations, maybe they revisit, but all I’m saying is I think you are going to have a lot of upset people on day one here, and it may be time to think about some compromises.

I recently overcame my biggest hurdle in Diablo 4, the capstone boss Elias who was gatekeeping my access into World Tier 4. I thought I was going to have to respec my entire not-meta build to get by him, but instead, I spent a day powering up a bit and tweaking things to beat him my second try this time. Part of that was bigger damage, but a huge part was being able to survive.

There are many, many things that Diablo 4 does not make apparent in the game, and it takes a lot of outside study to fully gauge what’s going on with some of these damage and defense values. I was pointed to an incredibly good video by wudijo, one of the world’s top hardcore players, where survivability is the name of the <a href="https://www.mmoexp.com/Diablo-4/Gold.html">buy Diablo 4 Gold</a> game. I wanted to share both the video, and the highlights of his insights with you, which should really help you survive the higher levels of the game. And maybe beat Elias, too.
